#summary Logistics model
#labels Phase-Design,logistics,models,supply

= General Principle =
The logistics models is concerned with the tracking of materiel during a scenario. The materiel is stored in a custom data structure called the [supply_package]. Units have the following properties:

Stateless properties
  # capacity : a supply_package that represent the maximal quantity of materiel that a unit can lift with its organic assets. 
  # Consumption_rate : There are four consumption rates:
    # idle : materiel expenditure in STON per hour when the unit/system does nothing.
    # transit : materiel expenditure when the unit is relocating.
    # combat : materiel expenditure when the unit/system if fighting.
    # service : materiel expenditure when the unit/system is providing CSS. 
  # basic_load: the number of hours for each consumption_rate class that a unit will attempt to maintain through routine resupply requests.

State properties
  # cargo : the quantity of materiel transported by the unit's organic assets.
  # mounted dismounts: The number of personel lifted for ferry or relocation ops. Doesn't include the crew of the vehicle itself.

= XML examples =
The basic definition. It has no capacity for materiel nor passenger lift. It has no crew. By default, all logistic models inherit 72 hours of *idle* activity supply, 6 for *transit* and 1 hour of intense *combat*. The basicload property is meaningless in the base example. Finally, the base model doesn't expand any supply, regardless of the unit's activity. Essentially, a unit using this model will operate with the logistic model *turned off*.
{{{
<logistics name="base">
   <capacity type="LOGPAC"/>
   <passenger_lift>0</passenger_lift>
   <crew>0</crew>
   <basicload>
       <idle>72.0</idle>
       <transit>6.0</transit>
       <combat>1.0</combat>
   </basicload>
   <consumption_rate>
       <idle class="LOGPAC"/>
       <transit class="LOGPAC"/>
       <combat class="LOGPAC"/>
       <service class="LOGPAC"/>
   </consumption_rate>
</logistics>
}}}

== capacity ==
The quantity of material that a unit can carry. If this field is omitted or left blank, the capacity will be set to the unit's cargo with a full basic load (as defined when the unit is created).

== passenger_lift ==
The number of individuals that can be carried by the entity. 

== crew ==
The number of individuals that are required to operate the entity (vehicle) and are not disembarking when a dismount order is given.

== basicload ==
The number of hours of average consumption for each of the consumption rates. 

== consumption_rate ==
Expressed in supply_package in kg per unit of time (hour by default). This supply is expended only when the unit is performing this type of activity. 